.TH sodarun 1 "JANUARY 2018" Soda "Simple Object Driven Automation"
.SH NAME
sodarun \-\- runs a Soda script
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sodar [-odvcrzextsy]
.B [-f
.I framework
.B ]
.B [-x
.I platform
.B ]
.I arguments
.B ...
.B [
.I --suite=suite
.B ]

.B sodar [-odvcrzextsy]
.B [-f
.I framework
.B ]
.B [-x
.I platform
.B ]
.I arguments
.B ...
.B [
.I --suite=suite
.B ]
.B [
.I --module=module
.B ]

.B sodar [-odvcrzextsy]
.B [-f
.I framework
.B ]
.B [-x
.I platform
.B ]
.I arguments
.B ...
.B [
.I --suite=suite
.B ]
.B [
.I --module=module
.B ]
.B [
.I --test=test
.B ]

.B sodar [-odvcrzextsy]
.B [-f
.I framework
.B ]
.B [-x
.I platform
.B ]
.I arguments
.B ...
.B [
.I --suite=suite
.B ]
.B [
.I --module=module
.B ]
.B [
.I --action=action
.B ]


.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I sodarun
command runs a test with the given arguments.

If only the
.I --suite
option is supplied, sodar will run the entire suite.

If only the
.I --suite
and
.I --module
options are supplied, sodar will run the entire module belonging to the suite
.I --suite

If the
.I --suite, --module,
and the
.I --test
or
.I --action
options are supplied, sodar will run the test/action belonging to the specified suite and module.


.I arguments
are specific to each framework, but typically follow the following format:
.RS
.I [device] [binary path]
.RE

.SH PARAMETERS
.IP "--suite"
The suite to run, or the suite the test, action, or module you want to run belongs to.
.IP "--module"
The module to run, or the module the test or action you want to run belongs to.
.IP "--test"
The name of the test to run
.IP "--action"
The name of the action to run

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-f framework"
The framework to launch (e.g.
.I instruments, automator, selenium
)
.IP "-e environment"
The environment to start Soda with. This alters various testing variables and setting throughout the application.
.IP "-x platform"
The platform of the device you're starting. For example, if I start the instruments framework with the device
.I iPad Air 9.2,
you would set this flag to
.I ipad
If the -f flag isn't specified, this is unnecessary.
.IP "-t scripts path"
The path to your Soda test scripts (Soda project). If -t unspecified, the current working directory will be used.
.IP "-s suite"
The suite to start Soda with. If unspecified, Soda will use the default suite in
.I SodaCommon/Config.
You can always set the suite using the
.I :suite command in the CLI
.IP "-m module"
The module to start Soda with. If unspecified, Soda will use the default module in
.I SodaCommon/Config.
You can always set the suite using the
.I :module command in the CLI
.IP "-p proxy"
The proxy settings to pass to Soda. Should be entered in the following format:
.I http://[proxy ip]
or
.I http://[username]:[password]@[proxy ip]
.IP "-o supress output"
Supresses all console output
.IP "-c log colors"
Enables or disable color logging. Use -c to enable color logging and -c
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-v verbose logging"
Enables or disable verbose logging. Use -v to enable verbose logging and -v
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-d debug logging"
Enables or disable debug logging. Use -d to enable debug logging and -d
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-r reset device"
If a framework and device is specified, resets the device upon launch.
.IP "-z test dev mode"
Enables test
.I dev mode
Which prevents Soda from reporting test results and taking screenshots on failures. This is helpful if you are editing or creating scripts and don't want to report results.
.SH FILES
.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCommon/Config.js
.RS
The system wide configuration file.
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/instruments/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Instruments framework
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/automator/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Automator framework
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/selenium/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Selenium framework
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Jason Pollman & James Pavlic
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR soda (1),
.BR sodabuild (1),
.BR sodamake (1),
.BR sodareset (1)
.BR sodatrace (1)
.BR sodaeditor (1)
