.TH soda 1 "JANUARY 2018" Soda "Simple Object Driven Automation"
.SH NAME
soda \-\- starts the Soda CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B soda [-odvcrz]
.B [-f
.I framework
.B ]
.B [-e
.I environment
.B ]
.B [-p
.I port for editor
.B ]
.B [-x
.I platform
.B ]
.B [-b
.I failure distribution
.B ]
.B [-s
.B [-t
.I scripts path
.B ]
.B [-s
.I suite
.B ]
.B [-m
.I module
.B ]
.B [-y
.I proxy
.B ]
.B [--puser
.I Perfecto username
.B ]
.B [--ppassword
.I Perfecto password
.B ]
.I arguments
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I soda
command starts the Soda testing framework's interactive command line interface. Specifying the -f (framework) flag, will
start the framework and a device along with the CLI.

Testing cannot be done without starting a framework, so typically the -f option is set... however, it is not required.

If -t is unspecified, the current working directory will be used as the project path.

.I arguments
are specific to each framework, but typically follow the following format:
.RS
.I [device] [binary path]
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-f framework"
The framework to launch (e.g.
.I instruments, automator, selenium, perfecto, rest, terminal, windows
)
.IP "-e environment"
The environment to start Soda with. This alters various testing variables and setting throughout the application.
.IP "-x platform"
The platform of the device you're starting. For example, if I start the instruments framework with the device
.I iPad Air 9.2,
you would set this flag to
.I ipad
If the -f flag isn't specified, this is unnecessary.
.IP "-t scripts path"
The path to your Soda test scripts (Soda project). If -t unspecified, the current working directory will be used.
.IP "-s suite"
The suite to start Soda with. If unspecified, Soda will use the default suite in
.I SodaCommon/Config.
You can always set the suite using the
.I :suite command in the CLI
.IP "-m module"
The module to start Soda with. If unspecified, Soda will use the default module in
.I SodaCommon/Config.
You can always set the suite using the
.I :module command in the CLI
.IP "-y proxy"
The proxy settings to pass to Soda. Should be entered in the following format:
.I http://[proxy ip]
or
.I http://[username]:[password]@[proxy ip]
.IP "-o supress output"
Supresses all console output
.IP "-p port for editor"
Port for the sODA editor, defaults to 1337
.IP "--puser Perfecto username"
The username to log into Perfecto
.IP "--ppassword Perfecto password"
The password to log into Perfecto
.IP "-b array of comma separated emails"
The list of emails in the format email1@email.com,email2@email.com
.IP "-c log colors"
Enables or disable color logging. Use -c to enable color logging and -c
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-v verbose logging"
Enables or disable verbose logging. Use -v to enable verbose logging and -v
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-d debug logging"
Enables or disable debug logging. Use -d to enable debug logging and -d
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-r reset device"
If a framework and device is specified, resets the device upon launch.
.IP "-z test dev mode"
Enables test
.I dev mode
Which prevents Soda from reporting test results and taking screenshots on failures. This is helpful if you are editing or creating scripts and don't want to report results.
.SH FILES
.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCommon/Config.js
.RS
The system wide configuration file.
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/instruments/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Instruments framework
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/automator/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Automator framework
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/selenium/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Selenium framework
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Jason Pollman & James Pavlic
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR sodabuild (1),
.BR sodamake (1),
.BR sodareset (1)
.BR sodatrace (1)
.BR sodarun (1)
.BR sodaeditor (1)
