.TH sodareset 1 "JANUARY 2018" Soda "Simple Object Driven Automation"
.SH NAME
sodareset \-\- starts the Soda CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sodareset [-odvcrz]
.B [-f
.I framework
.B ]
.B [-e
.I environment
.B ]
.I arguments
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I sodareset
command starts "resets" the specified device using the given framework.

.I arguments
are specific to each framework, but typically follow the following format:
.RS
.I [device] [binary path]
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-f framework"
The framework to launch (e.g.
.I instruments, automator, selenium
)
.IP "-e environment"
The environment to start Soda with. This alters various testing variables and setting throughout the application.
.IP "-t scripts path"
The path to your Soda test scripts
.IP "-o supress output"
Supresses all console output
.IP "-c log colors"
Enables or disable color logging. Use -c to enable color logging and -c
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-v verbose logging"
Enables or disable verbose logging. Use -v to enable verbose logging and -v
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-d debug logging"
Enables or disable debug logging. Use -d to enable debug logging and -d
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-r reset device"
If a framework and device is specified, resets the device upon launch.
.IP "-z test dev mode"
Enables test
.I dev mode
Which prevents Soda from reporting test results and taking screenshots on failures. This is helpful if you are editing or creating scripts and don't want to report results.
.SH FILES
.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCommon/Config.js
.RS
The system wide configuration file.
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/instruments/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Instruments framework
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/automator/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Automator framework
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/selenium/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Selenium framework
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Jason Pollman & James Pavlic
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR soda (1),
.BR sodabuild (1),
.BR sodamake (1),
.BR sodatrace (1)
.BR sodarun (1)
.BR sodaeditor (1)
