.TH sodabuild 1 "JANUARY 2018" Soda "Simple Object Driven Automation"
.SH NAME
sodabuild \-\- builds a framework's binary using Soda
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sodar [-odvc]
.B [-f
.I framework
.B ]
.I arguments
.B ...


.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I sodabuild
command builds a project binary using the specified framework (if supported).

.I arguments
are specific to each framework, but typically follow the following format:
.RS
.B [
.I device
.B ]
.B [
.I project path
.B ]
.B [
.I destination
.B ]
.RE

For Instruments:
.RS
.B [
.I device
.B ]
.B [
.I project path
.B ]
.B [
.I destination
.B ]
.RE

For Automator:
.RS
.B [
.I device
.B ]
.B [
.I myapp.apk
.B ]
.RE

For the instruments framework, device is the simulator or device name in the following format:
.RS
[ simulator name ] [ runtime ]
.RE
.RS
Example: "iPad Air 9.2" or iPad\\ Air\\ 9.2
.RE

For the Automator framework the device is the name of the simulator with underscores.
.RS
So a simulator named "Nexus 5 API 23" would be "Nexus_5_API_23"
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-f framework"
Required. The framework to launch (e.g.
.I instruments, automator, selenium
)
.IP "-c log colors"
Enables or disable color logging. Use -c to enable color logging and -c
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-v verbose logging"
Enables or disable verbose logging. Use -v to enable verbose logging and -v
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.
.IP "-d debug logging"
Enables or disable debug logging. Use -d to enable debug logging and -d
.I false
to disable it. It is enabled by default.

.SH FILES
.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCommon/Config.js
.RS
The system wide configuration file.
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/instruments/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Instruments framework
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/automator/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Automator framework
.RE

.B $SODA_PATH/SodaCore/frameworks/selenium/imports/Config.js
.RS
Configuration settings for the Selenium framework
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Jason Pollman & James Pavlic
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR soda (1),
.BR sodamake (1),
.BR sodareset (1)
.BR sodatrace (1)
.BR sodarun (1)
.BR sodaeditor (1)
